Adding separate documentation file for IO types and Categories (#47)
movestore/movestore.github.io: create_app.md

### IO types

> Input and output types have long been restricted to `move::moveStack`, but can now be extended to any other movement related data types. Due to deprecation of the `move` package we discourage use of `move::moveStack` for any new Apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Input and output types have long been restricted to `move::moveStack`, but can now be extended to any other movement related data types. Due to deprecation of the `move` package we discourage use of `move::moveStack` for any new Apps. Please use `move2::move2_loc` instead.
```

> After selecting R or R-Shiny as your Runtime Environment, check which types are available in the dropdown list. If you need a new IO type for your App, please go to `request a new IO type`. Please describe your request to us, link to the documentation of the new IO type and adapt our [cargo agent repository](https://github.com/movestore/cargo-agent-r) accordingly, with creating and linking to a pull request. See the [README](https://github.com/movestore/cargo-agent-r#readme) there for details. Once an administrator has approved your IO type request, it will be available on the platform. Make sure to also provide [Translator Apps](translator.md) to/from other IO types to widen the usability of your App on MoveApps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After selecting R or R-Shiny as your Runtime Environment, check which types are available in the dropdown list. If you need a new IO type for your App, please go to `request a new IO type`. Please describe your request to us, link to the documentation of the new IO type and adapt our [cargo agent repository](https://github.com/movestore/cargo-agent-r) accordingly, with creating and linking to a pull request. See the [README](https://github.com/movestore/cargo-agent-r#readme) there for details. Once an administrator has approved your IO type request, it will be available on the platform. If it makes sense you can also provide [Translator Apps](translator.md) to/from other IO types to widen the usability of your App on MoveApps.
```
